The brother and I met
with the bankers this morning,
and they're in.
Tell me, please,
tell me you got your guy
for sure.
I'm working on it.
I want a temple.
I think you're getting
a bit cloudy
because you're obsessing
about your ex-partner.
I won't deny it,
I want to bury the fucking guy.
Jason came through
with 80 million.
I already got money, Reg.
At some point you gotta
ask yourself,
"How much is enough?"
There may be more information
about the situation
-that you may have left out.
-That is the truth.
Well then, the truth is
I gotta let you go.
Thank you for your service.
These fools just being divisive,
tryna come up with hot takes.
Think you can do better?
I'd love to hear y'all try.
Hey T, man, get me a meeting.
Antolotti, you ready
to jump on that team jet?
JASON ANTOLOTTI:
Not quite. I got another offer.
It's a pass.
[TV static drones]
[bright tone]
[Lil Wayne's "Right Above It"]
- Kane is in the building.
[mid-tempo hip-hop music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Now tell me
how you love it ♪
♪ You know
you're at the top ♪
♪ When only heaven's
right above it ♪
♪ We on ♪
♪ 'Cause we on ♪
♪ Who else is really trying
to fuck with Hollywood Cole ♪
♪ I'm with Marley G, bro ♪
♪ Flying Hollygrove chicks
to my Hollywood shows ♪
♪ And I wanna tell
you something ♪
♪ That you
probably should know ♪
♪ This that
"Slumdog Millionaire" ♪
♪ Bollywood flow ♪
♪ And, uh, my real friends
never hearing from me ♪
♪ Fake friends write the wrong
answers on the mirror for me ♪
♪ That's why
I pick and choose ♪
♪ I don't get shit confused ♪
♪ Don't like my women single ♪
♪ I like my chicks in twos ♪
♪ And these days, all
the girls is down to roll ♪
♪ I hit the strip club, and
all them bitches find a pole ♪
♪ Plus I been sipping, so this
shit is moving kinda slow ♪
♪ Just tell my girl
to tell her friend ♪
♪ That it's time to go ♪
[indistinct shouting]
- ♪ Uh, back in a minute,
let's go ♪
- At some point,
the only way to succeed
is to stop giving a fuck.
It's a mind-set
that I highly recommend.
Frees you up to take chances,
make unpopular choices.
They say
it's not for everyone.
I say fuck it.
- Ma'am?
[knocking on door]
- Yes?
- Candace Brewer?
- Depends on who's asking.
- I'm from FedEx.
- I can see from the outfit.
What do you have?
- Says it's from LAPD, no name.
- Just leave it
over on the coffee table.
- All right, great.
Can I get you to sign for it?
- No.
- All right, ma'am,
you have a great day.
[ringtone chiming]
- Calling to say
you reconsidered?
- I'm sorry to say
that I'm not.
How's the new guy working out?
- [chuckles]
I thought he'd be
a hell of a lot better.
- [laughs]
- Look, I'll get that offer
for the Mahomes extension
out to you ASAP.
- Sounds good,
but what are you gonna do
to replace Hill and Hunt?
As Giselle once said, "He can't
throw and catch the ball."
- Uh, I'm working on it.
- Let me help you
help yourself.
I got the perfect player
in mind.
- You have a name?
- Kisan Teague.
- Yeah, replacing a problem
with another one.
- Apples and oranges.
There's no domestic "sitch,"
no alleged child abuse.
The guy's practically
a Boy Scout.
- Is there a video?
- That shows him
doing anything wrong?
No, he just has
horrible taste in friends.
Come to think of it,
so did you.
- Well, I was the bad element.
- Exactly.
Just meet the kid, all right?
Worst case, you get a year
out of him.
- I get a drive-by discount?
- You're a mercenary fuck,
Spence.
- Shit, I've been called
a hell of a lot worse.
- Morning, boss.
- Have you solved our giant
Jack in the Box sized problem?
- T.J. Yeldon's agent's acting
like he's the second coming
of Walter fucking Payton.
They're asking for 20 for 2.
- Pass.
- He thinks we're desperate.
- Because we are.
I still won't overpay
for mediocrity.
And from now on, the talking
point is, we're reloading.
Yeah, we're not desperate,
we're the Rams.
- I like that.
- Anytime you're dealing
from a place of weakness,
rebrand it with a gun metaphor.
It's patriotic.
- Locked and fucking loaded.
How about Duke Johnson?
- How about Alvin Kamara?
- I hear he's not interested
in leaving New Orleans.
- Well, then,
let's make him interested
in leaving New Orleans, Benny.
We don't take "no"
for an answer.
Desperate times, they call
for desperate measures.
Like Belichick says,
"Do your job."
Are you gonna do your job?
- Hell, yeah.
- All right, 'cause I'm trying
to avoid hearing
more shit from Warner.
Alvin Kamara!
- [laughs] Well, you know,
we like to earn while we learn.
All right, thanks, Jay.
- Who are you talking to, man?
You got another job
or something?
- Hell, no.
I "TTD'd" one
up for you, though.
- Oh, I remember
reading that ad in the paper
for one-legged
miserable pricks.
Plus, we don't want
another scenario
like we had the other day.
- What scenario is that?
- Nothing,
he just fucking with me.
- Baby, don't let him
talk to you like that.
You better tell him
you still got two good legs.
- Yeah.
- But listen to TTD, 'cause
I think he's onto something.
- Thank you, Amber.
- Mm-hmm.
- I spoke to Glazer.
He's gonna set up an interview
with Sirius.
- Oh, what,
you manager now?
- I ain't think about it
like that,
but now that you've
mentioned it, maybe I am.
- First y'all pushing me
to get off the field
and now y'all sweating me
to join the work force.
- It's for your own good.
- Oh, look at you, Dennis,
on your white parenting vibes
giving advice and shit.
- No good can come
from a busted-up Ricky
with a bunch of free time.
Now, you run your route,
you catch a pass.
Don't be scared.
- Yeah, baby.
Nothing to fear
but fear itself.
- Ripping lines
from dead presidents, huh?
Y'all must really be desperate.
- No, we're not desperate.
Concerned.
- Mm, cotton candy reminds me
of losing my virginity
on Miami Beach.
Is that weird?
- It's very, very touching.
Listen, before we embark
on this night
of enjoyable debauchery,
I think we should clear the air
with a little whiff of reality.
We are majorly out
on a fucking limb
financially, mate.
- That's where
I do my best work.
- This Municipal launch
is costing us a fortune.
- Okay, Lance, Lance, Lance,
all the greatest entrepreneurs
have been minutes away
from disaster and destruction;
Steve Jobs, Elon Musk,
Jeff Bezos.
And not for nothing,
but Spencer used to love
to take chances.
- Yeah, well, I only like
to take chances with my penis,
and I'm sorry
if I don't quite live up
to your fallen paramour
in that department.
- Listen, I've been aggressive,
yes--reckless, even--
but now is the time
to go all in.
- We spent $80 million
on a pile of dirt.
We don't even have
city approval.
- Yet.
- 50 million on Jason's agency.
- Now we rep
Patrick fucking Mahomes
and we have the chance
to make the biggest deal
in football history.
- All I'm saying is,
we're way beyond all in.
- Yeah, we are.
I get it.
[man singing indistinctly]
Mm, make enough
for 1,000 guests, please.
- Very frugal.
- "The health and safety
of our players
is our primary concern."
[phone buzzing]
That's all
you fucking say, Jared.
[phone buzzing]
Spencer, how are you adapting?
- You know me,
I'm a quick learner.
- Yeah, "quick-ish" at best.
Bet it feels pretty good
to be part of a club
that didn't want you.
- Yeah, feels better
than expected.
- Every boy's dream, Spencer.
Fuck a supermodel
and own an NFL team.
And I see you followed
in Bossman's footsteps.
- It's just much simpler
being my own GM.
Only got one person
to argue with.
- Hey, you do that anyway.
- It's also proving
a lot harder than I expected.
- How so?
- Thinking about making a move.
Unpopular move.
- Unpopular to who?
- The league.
- [sighs]
- Hearing rumors
about Kisan Teague.
- Are you asking
for confirmation or a blessing?
- Little of both.
Anything I need to hear?
Or see?
- [sighs]
Well, I'm not gonna confirm
or deny, but I will say
that if video of said
rumored event does exist,
it won't see the light of day.
- That's all I need to know.
That's why
you're the best, Candace.
You have a good day.
- So Glazer tells me you're
looking to make a transition.
You been keeping up with
what's going on in the game?
- Come on, girl,
he is the game.
- I've been off the field
two minutes, not two decades.
- All right, fine, but have you
ever done this before?
- What, talk into a microphone?
Only every day of his career.
- No need to be
disrespectful, T.
[grunts] Transition's
not gonna be a problem.
- Excellent, so when can I
get you to audition for me?
- [laughs] You shouldn't have
been so polite.
- I don't audition.
- He's offer only.
- Oh, who are you?
Chadwick Boseman?
- With a faster 40
and better genetics.
- Just throw me on the air.
I'll show you
what I can do live.
- He got this.
- You're a confident one.
- Damn right.
- All right.
How's tonight?
- You mean, like,
tonight, tonight?
- 6:30?
- Ooh, drive time.
That's perfect.
- What, you speaking
for me now?
- I'm your manager.
That's perfect, we'll take it.
- Okay, good.
6:30.
[knocks on door]
- Hey, Mr. Thompson,
you got a minute?
- Charles.
I was, uh, taking a stroll
by your office last night
and I noticed
that the lights were off.
- [scoffs] Not me.
My lights are never off.
- You know who I ran into?
Benny.
- He's a good kid, right?
- Mm, well, more than that.
Smart.
Industrious too.
- And that's why I hired him.
- You know what Benny told me?
Hmm?
- No.
- He told me
that your wife is pregnant.
Congratulations.
- [laughs]
Cat's out of the bag.
So since you're in
a warm and fuzzy mood,
maybe this is a good time
to discuss my new deal.
- Ah, is that what
cool guys like you
like to call your new baby?
- No.
- [laughs]
- No, we just call it a baby.
Seriously, my contact is up--
- And you took us
to the Super Bowl.
Please don't remind me again.
Uh, it just brings up
bad memories.
- Yeah, that one hurt.
But you gotta get there
to lose it, right?
- Well, it's a start.
- It ain't easy.
- Life's hard.
You want easy,
just die, Charles.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah,
think I just might.
- Well, don't do it in here.
It might look fishy.
- Right.
[laughs awkwardly]
Really, when is a good time
for us to earmark some space--
- Oh, just relax, all right?
It's gonna be taken care of.
- I just wanna
get this thing knocked out
so I can get back
to what it is that I do.
- [sighs]
Good-bye, Charles.
[Rico Nasty's "Countin' Up"]
- ♪ Whoa, Kenny ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm the bitch
with the long hair ♪
♪ And her top off,
talk tough ♪
- Randy.
- Ricky.
Good to see you, man.
- Good to see you too.
- What's up?
How you doing?
- I'm good, man, real good.
Can we hit them mitts?
Got some anxiety to burn.
- Sure you can put weight
on that leg?
- As long as you don't go
all "Karate Kid" on him
and sweep that thing,
should be all right.
- Hey, make yourself
useful, man.
Grab me a smoothie.
- Gotcha.
- Man, I'm all booked up.
My 3:00's here now.
We're gonna have
to take a rain check, brother.
- All right.
- Yo.
What up, bruh?
- What up?
- I heard about that
hit and run, bruh.
Godspeed on that recovery,
for real.
- Yeah, appreciate it.
- Hey, you mind
if I throw something at you?
- Shoot.
- This shit ain't funny.
- I'm not being funny.
- Damn, so you heard, huh?
- The streets
is talking, bruh--loud.
- Fuck.
Look, man, I just had some
really bad fucking luck,
a'ight?
And I'm trying to move on,
put that shit in the past.
I got a meeting with your boy
Strasmore and the Chiefs.
- Oh, good. Okay, good.
- Any advice?
- Yeah, lie to everybody else.
Tell Spencer the truth.
- Nah.
Hell, nah.
Put the final nail
in my career?
Please.
- Hear what I'm saying, man.
If I know,
Spencer knows fo' sho.
Your best shot--shoot straight.
- ♪ Your hand gon' freeze,
begging for the kitty ♪
- That was unnecessary, bruh.
I just--I just told you.
- ♪ Come on, girl,
I know you a rookie ♪
♪ You got some followers ♪
[woman vocalizing]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Hey, this the way in LA ♪
[camera shutters snapping]
- So you got me greased
with a lethal combo
of Veuve and tequila.
Tell me, why should I care
about Municipal?
- Because it comes
with tastemakers
baked right into it.
- Yeah, it took Supreme two
decades to get onto the backs
of the greatest athletes
in the world.
They went from
niche neighborhood skate shop
to international goliath.
- And how does that help me?
- We have a stable of
world-class athlete influencers
ready to don our wares.
- Yeah, can you say
"vertical integration"?
- You guys pitching me
corporate synergy buzzwords?
- Call it what you want, mate.
The fact is, we're coming
right out of the gate
with ready-made exposure.
- Yeah, the thing is that
I've heard that story before.
It's not cool.
- Well, I got another story
for you.
It starts with a bag of cash.
- [laughs]
Yeah, do not insult
my integrity.
- I would never.
- [laughs]
His bad.
[laughs]
He's always insulting someone.
- Kate, this is Pascal.
- I know this gentlemen.
Perennial 40
under 40 overachiever
making us all look bad.
- Mm, the just ones
that can't keep up.
- That's not me.
- Well, good.
Saddle up to the bar
and you can prove it, hmm?
- Famous last words, cowboy.
- Yahoo.
After you.
- I hate that fucking guy.
[elevator dings]
[indistinct chatter]
- Ah, you made it.
Nah, sit down,
sit down, sit down.
- Thanks for inviting me out.
- Yeah, thanks for coming out.
Bit of a haul?
- [scoffs]
What, my life or the ride?
- [laughs]
You tell me.
- Then I say both.
- You've been living
hard and fast, Kisan.
- You know,
I always asked myself,
"What's the worst
that could happen," right?
And then I learned
a lot could happen.
- Here's a novel idea:
you make better choices,
you get better results.
- I mean, come on,
you acting like
I started this shit,
all right?
I just pulled up
and shit went down.
That's it.
- "Shit went down,
that's it," huh?
- [huffs] Look, I'm sorry
I didn't grow up
on a perfect
tree-lined street like you.
- [laughs]
That's funny.
The world is changing, Kisan.
Maybe you should too.
- You make it sound so easy.
It's not that simple, Spencer.
- Is that right?
Well, I guess you don't
value the privilege
of playing
in this league, then.
- No, I value it.
Trust me, I promise you,
I value it.
Just not more than my friends
and where I come from.
I didn't know I was gonna be
in the fucking NFL
when I was six, Spencer,
all right?
I didn't get to decide
what hood I grew up in
or the kids
I grew up with, a'ight?
And if we're being honest?
Shit, my boys are the reason
I even made it this far
in the first place,
and they for damn sure
gonna be the only ones
answering the phone
once my career and all
of this shit is over with.
- So you value truth.
- Above all else.
- Good, 'cause that's why
we're here.
Who pulled the trigger
the other night?
- My boy Cliff.
And me.
I wish I could lie to you.
Look, I try
and make better decisions.
I promise you, I do.
It's just,
sometimes circumstances...
they just don't allow me to.
- [claps] All right,
thanks for coming in.
- [sighs]
I guess that's it, huh?
Won't be catching no passes
from Mahomes
anytime soon, right?
- Well, I believe
in second chances,
just not thirds.
Don't make me
regret this decision.
Welcome to the Chiefs.
- You're serious?
- Yeah.
- Uh, thank you, Spencer.
- Come on, get out of here.
- ♪ You gon' be the one
to bust it down ♪
♪ I can see it ♪
♪ Diamonds in the face
crushed up, I can see it ♪
- ♪ Wheezy outta here ♪
- ♪ Diamonds in the face ♪
♪ Crushed up, I can see it ♪
- Hoo-hoo, YG,
that jacket cold, bro.
Can I get one?
- Oh, man.
We don't make husky sizes, bro.
- Mm.
- Hey, but y'all got
my size, though, right?
- I got you.
- Cool.
Hey, listen, man, why don't
y'all enjoy some drinks, man?
Hey, the marathon continues.
- For sure, man.
Good luck on that season, man.
We're gon' be betting
on Dallas, man.
- All right, man,
appreciate your love.
- Yo, Hollywood rooftops,
fine spirits,
$80 million deal on the table.
We blessed.
- I guess.
- "You guess," man?
Look around, man,
this is all for you.
- Just stop lying, Reg.
Joe and Lance threw this party
for Sports X, Municipal,
and all the veeps.
- And you're one of them--
the most important one
because you're an investor
and a client.
- Still...
- "Still," what?
You still depressed
about that bullshit
League of Legends tryout?
- It wasn't bullshit,
it was a real tryout
for a real sport.
- I know,
but you gotta rebound.
You gotta move on.
You can't let this
get in the way of your career.
- We saying yes or what?
- Look, man,
I'm not finna get bullied,
not by him and not by you.
- Wait a second,
we're not bullying you.
We're trying
to set you up for life.
- At what price?
I only got one body,
one brain, y'all.
- You're a 28-year-old
350-pound black man
crying about some video game.
J and I done put in
a ton of work on this deal.
It's time for you to get real.
Jesse Owens, Jackie Robinson
did not sacrifice
for you to be sitting up here
playing video games.
- Man, whatever, Reg.
- I've said my piece.
Maybe you can talk
some sense into him.
- ♪ I just blowed an M
on my kids ♪
- Vernon, why don't you
use video games
like everyone else?
As a way to get away
from your everyday stress.
It's like if your girlfriend
becomes your wife.
As soon as your hobby
becomes your job,
it ceases to be fun.
- Yeah, like this conversation.
- It's fucking babysitting.
- This is Ricky Jerret...
and this is my new show...
[feedback squeals]
Of--well, gon' talk about
a little bit of life,
you know what I'm saying?
And some other shit.
The people in here, they, uh--
they, uh, told me
to tell some stories.
I--you know,
I don't know about what.
You know, life is full
of funny stories.
Or at least mine is.
- Football stories.
Tell a football story.
- Tell--
- You know, catch.
- Maybe I should
tell a story
about growing up fatherless.
- This ungrateful
punk-ass motherfucker.
- Know what I'm sayin'?
- He need to be
talking about the league.
- He needs to stop stuttering.
- Or maybe I should
tell a bedtime story.
Y'all--y'all dig
"Goodnight Moon"?
Yeah, my daughter
loves that one.
- I need me a drink.
- And get me one too.
This gon' be a long-ass night.
- Go to commercial, please.
[headphones clatter]
- I was just getting warmed up.
What's the problem?
- Lesson one:
know your audience.
- Yeah, this "Goodnight Moon,"
I mean, it could be cool
and all,
but it sounds like
a kids' story.
- [chuckles]
Because it is.
- Nigga, ain't no kid driving
home from the office right now.
- Well, who's listening
to this shit, anyway?
- Don't get defensive, man.
- An audition doesn't sound
too bad now, does it?
- Y'all tell me to do my thing,
I do it, and what,
it ain't good enough?
- [laughs] Oh, clearly
your life as a coddled athlete
hasn't prepared you
for any adversity.
- Ain't nothing coddled
about catching a dig route
in front of Vontaze Burfict.
- Well, then tell people
that, Ricky.
Tell them the real story
from the league.
- Yeah, the shit
we talk about 24/7.
[reggae music playing
over speakers]
- Then why don't you get out
of the control room
and do it with me?
[funky music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ On the water ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ ♪
♪ If only ♪
- Cheers.
- What's up, Rick?
- Reg.
How you and your boy doing?
- Same old, same old.
The more things change,
the more they fucking don't.
All good with you, man?
What you into these days?
- Gaming, e-sports.
You should get in
before it's too late.
- Yeah, tell me about it.
Or better yet, don't.
- You know
League of Legends, right?
- Vern plays League.
You know, pro level.
- Yeah, everyone thinks
they are.
- Suppose.
- Trying to help you, man.
It's a gold rush, get in.
- Everybody want a piece,
don't they?
- Sure do.
There's enough to go around
for all of us.
- So, um--so what's it take
to start a squad?
- Well, all you need
is some money and talent.
- Which one is more important?
- The one you don't have.
♪ ♪
Good to see you.
- ♪ I'll push you under ♪
- You want that ankle to heal,
you gotta stop masturbating.
- Lance, come over here.
- Hey!
- Hey, how you doing?
- Hey, Aramis.
- How you doing?
- Come meet the brains behind
your favorite publication.
- What up, man? I'm Aramis.
Nice to meet you.
- Pascal.
- Aramis is one of our
founders at Municipal.
- Oh, the plot thickens.
- We've been incubating
this little crew of geniuses
for some time,
cultivating them for greatness.
- These kids
are about to explode
into the hearts and minds
of the kids that matter.
- That's an ambitious
commentary, Kate.
How long have you been at it?
Overnight sensation?
- Man, I wish it was
an overnight sensation.
Me and my friends been doing
this since grade school.
We been doing film
since I was seven years old,
and we been hustling
ever since then.
- I respect the hustle.
- And then,
once I met Joe and his guys,
as you would say,
the rest is "history."
- I do say that.
[laughs]
Not a bad story.
- Yeah, well,
it's about to get a lot sexier.
Check this.
Hey, OBJ.
- Been mentoring
these skate rats,
showing 'em what's good.
- I mean,
I prefer "entrepreneur," but...
- More like fashionista.
- We can take that too.
- I'm, uh,
I'm loving this little,
uh, how do you say,
uh, collaboration, yeah.
Tell me more.
- Cool.
- Great conversationalist,
that guy.
- Hey, less is more.
- We're gonna go...
- Yeah, I'll...
But first, I want to...
[crowd chatter]
- Hoo-hoo!
Great party, boss.
- Look at these two.
Get a room, huh?
- Well, Kate is an adult woman
who seems to be
enjoying herself.
- A little too much.
- Okay, well, Pascal is the key
to us not getting pissed on
by a bunch of 14-year-old kids
in the Fairfax District.
- I'd rather get pissed on.
Better be plastered all over
that home page tomorrow.
- Hey, Joe.
That check bounced
for my retainer.
I need to get paid.
- Get the fuck out of my face.
I'm busy.
- You need to reissue
a new one tomorrow
or the planning board's
gonna shut you down.
- Sorry, what was that again?
- You're getting shut down--
- Get the fuck out of my face.
- Yeah, that--
that guy sucks.
- Get out of here, Dan.
[characters grunting]
- Got it.
- What?
- Looks like a real blood bath.
- Yo, Reg.
Your boy's really fucking good.
I told him
to stop playing football.
He could be an MMA fighter.
- Yeah, he looks
real light on his toes.
I don't need my boy
catching elbows
up against some octagon,
so maybe keep your thought
to yourself.
Thank you.
Now, could I have a sec
with my boy?
[blade resounds,
blood squelches
- Yeah.
Maybe you're right,
but he should go pro.
No one ever tears an ACL
playing "Mortal Kombat."
- Uh,
I thought about it a lot.
I hear you,
and I understand you.
- You really do?
- Yeah, I do.
So, um,
want to listen to me for a sec?
- Absolutely.
Why not?
- Great.
I got a proposal.
If I get you
on an e-sports team,
will you sign the Cowboys deal?
- Hell, yeah.
- Great.
'Cause we gonna need
that 80 mil.
- For what?
- We starting our own team,
and you gonna play on it.
Bam.
- I don't know, Reg.
I don't want any handouts,
even from myself.
- Yo, man,
this is bigger than you, man.
We gonna have multiple teams,
multiple players.
We gonna sign
the best gamers out there.
- A'ight.
But our first move
should be Jamesha.
There's not enough women
in e-sports.
- Fine.
But she talks too much.
- So do you.
[characters grunting]
- So I got my day one with me.
TTD in the building.
Been with me
every step of the way, brother.
Couldn't have done any of this
without you, man.
- Man, I like you on the mic.
- Where we at with them calls?
- Yeah, Rick.
Well, we got on the line
a brother
from right here in Inglewood.
Goes by the name of Marcus.
- Inglewood!
What's good, Marcus?
- What's the inside story
with Kisan Teague?
Why did Charles Greane
cut cord on him?
Rams definitely
could've used him,
especially without you there.
- I'm sure Charles
had good reason.
- Well, what is it?
Give us the inside scoopage.
- Scoopage?
This ain't no damn Marcus
from no damn Inglewood.
This here's a white boy.
- That's a little racist.
- Yeah, shut up, T.
We welcome all people here.
White, black,
brown, and rainbow.
A'ight?
Marcus, like my old man,
Charles Greane
is a man of integrity.
- Integrity is not an answer.
Give us the inside story.
I know you know it!
- [laughs] You pushing
a brother, a'ight.
Well, I was with Kisan earlier,
and I ain't gonna say nothin'
because it's not my place,
but know this:
there's always more
to the story.
- I heard the story is that
he signed with the Chiefs.
- Pfft!
He comin' at us
like he breakin' news, T.
- We don't break news,
we make news.
- Holla at him.
- Come on, man.
Get off the fence.
Tell the fans what you know.
- Well, as long as the owners
think they can
get away with something,
they probably will.
- Does that now change
now that Spencer Strasmore
has a vote?
- [chuckles]
I don't know what you smoking
out there in Englewood,
but Spencer is the same animal
wrapped in a different blanket.
He was a player once,
then a money man,
but now we're seeing
his true colors.
All he cares about is himself
and making money.
Spencer is a narcissist
if I've ever seen one.
- And you do
every day in the mirror.
[light hip-hop music]
- Next caller.
♪ ♪
- Thank you.
- ♪ And I can't live
with that, oh, no ♪
- There you are.
Everyone's looking for you.
- Yeah.
Where's Pascal?
- He's waiting for me
out in the cabana.
- [chuckles]
I bet he is.
- Stop.
And guess what.
I just got him to commit
to multiple editorials.
- Fantastic.
- You don't seem that enthused.
- Yes, Kate, I am.
I really am.
You know, part of me wants
to jump up and down
on a trampoline
and the other part wants to
chew on Xanax and the end
of a 9-millimeter.
- Jesus.
What's the matter with you?
- Nothing's the matter with me.
I'm happy if you're happy.
- With what?
- With the arbiter of cool,
you know.
You guys seem to be
hitting it off.
That's nice.
It's nice to see.
- Are you jealous of Pascal?
- What?
No.
Of course not.
That would be crazy
not to mention super--
- Unprofessional.
- Exactly.
- And we are professionals.
- 100.
- Good.
Glad we're clear on that.
- ♪ Change your face ♪
♪ And I was wondering
why I've been ♪
♪ Trying to teach you things
you already knew ♪
- Hey.
[quietly]
That was a signal, right?
- Yes, Joe.
Get your head out of your ass.
- ♪ I feel alone ♪
♪ When it comes to you ♪
- You all right, Joe?
You seem happy.
What's going on?
- Do I?
- Yeah, you do.
- Nah.
- Okay.
You're being unusual.
- Surface over substance,
the threads, the rides...
the chicks...
it's very clear that
Spencer Strasmore is driven
by material.
His obsession with winning
is just an extension of that.
Now that he's got the platform,
what the hell
is he using it for?
- You have
a very special caller
on line one.
- What's up, special caller?
- Well, I've been listening,
so I thought, why not call in?
It seems like you got a lot
to say about me.
- Me and everybody else.
Facts are painful.
- Well, I'm not concerned
about everyone else.
- Typical Strasmore answer.
- You sound like Joe Krutel.
- You know, you should have
listened to him more.
- As a former player, I just--
- And a current owner.
- I'm well aware of my current
job description.
You wanna come at me,
I'm right here.
Just know I'm that
I'm the players' best ally
going into the CBA.
- Get the fuck out of here,
man.
You ain't nothing
but a Trojan Horse.
- How 'bout you give a brother
a chance, man?
I've only been at this
a minute.
- Owner's meeting is
coming up.
What you gonna do
for the players?
- The players are
the only reason I took the job.
- Talk is bullshit, Spence.
- It seems to be the only
thing you do these days.
Just witness.
- All right, I'ma be watching,
so you better deliver.
[Rufus Du Sol's
"You Were Right"]
- ♪ You were right ♪
- In the end,
nothing is black and white.
♪ ♪
That's why you have to find
your own truth.
♪ ♪
- ♪ Under the water ♪
- Some people call it
rationalization.
I call it being practical.
Look, to say I don't care
what anyone thinks,
that would be a lie.
You'll always care about
what your friends
and family think.
- ♪ Arms are wide open ♪
- But at the end of the day,
you've only got yourself
and the fucks you choose
to give.
Everything else
is someone else's problem.
- ♪ I'm waiting ♪
♪ Mm ♪
♪ You were right ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I know
I can't get enough of you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You were right ♪
♪ I know
I can't get enough of you ♪
♪ No, no ♪
♪ The things
that I would do ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I'm cold in the river ♪
♪ Lips moving,
there's no sound ♪
♪ Keeping me guessing ♪
♪ I'm guessing ♪
♪ Mm ♪
♪ You were right ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I know
I can't get enough of you ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Leave it all to bloom ♪
♪ You were right ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I know
I can't get enough of you ♪
♪ No ♪
♪ The things
that I would do ♪
♪ ♪
[bright tone]
♪ (HIP HOP MUSIC PLAYS) ♪
SPENCER STRASMORE:
The future of football...
is with the players
and the fans.
-It's wild.
-♪ Look what you made me do ♪
Welcome to our world.
STRASMORE:
In order to fix something broke,
you gotta get inside it.
MR. ANDERSON:
Can you please make one move
without courting a waterfall
of controversy?
People need to get real.
The players are the league.
Each game is different.
You got to know your enemy...
the landscape and adjust
your game accordingly.
-CANDACE BREWER: It's too late.
The video's leaking.
-(GUNSHOT ECHOES)
-It's over.
-Actually, it's just beginning.
♪ Bow to the king ♪
STRASMORE: People don't just
hand things over.
♪ Bow to the king ♪
You just gotta fucking take it.
Excuse me,
you can't go in there.
Someone call security.
You better tell them
to bring everyone.
♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪